Forcefield is a script for Google Apps Script that helps you manage your email
so that it doesn't show up in your inbox outside of working hours. If you've
ever felt pressured to read and respond to work email when you should be
unwinding, this was designed for you.

This script works together with a filter in Gmail. The filter moves all of your
email to a folder within Gmail, and marks it read, so that it doesn't show up
in your inbox or cause notifications on your phone or other devices.

Forcefield then checks every minute, and if during normal working hours, it
moves your email back to your inbox and marks it unread again. During off-work
hours, mail will stay in your Forcefield folder until work hours start again,
and then move all of the built-up mail back to your inbox.

To set up the filter, import ForcefieldFilter.xml.

To create the Forcefield script, go to https://script.google.com and create a
new script. Copy the contents of each of the files in the script/ directory of
this project to new files in your new Apps Script (giving them the same name as
the source files).

From the Publish menu, choose "Deploy as Web App" and follow the prompts. Go to
the URL displayed, and choose your working hours. Click "Save Preferences" to
set the script up to run every minute with your preferences.


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Many thanks to Blair Kutzman for his Gmail Delay Send, which was very helpful
in providing a framework for learning more about Apps Script. It served as a 
solid foundation for adaptation into Forcefield.

All of the .gs and .html files in the script/ directory are originally from
Gmail Delay Send (as of version 8), which can be found at
https://script.google.com/d/1xw99BVptQuHPafUN-hb8tmnY87t0HnJEPdrygx-ZDa-1_bagSY-yWUlh/edit

The file unpack_exported_apps_script.py (originally checkin.py) was originally
from the Gmail Delay Send repo, at
https://code.google.com/p/gmail-delay-send/source/checkout

See the NOTICES file for information on licenses and copyrights.
